Use a `Func<T>` to get the current config value (#24774)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/custom-logging-provider.md

The preceding code:

- Creates a logger instance per category name.
- Checks `_getCurrentConfig().LogLevels.ContainsKey(logLevel)` in `IsEnabled`, so each `logLevel` has a unique logger. Loggers should also be enabled for all higher log levels:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/configuration/console-custom-logging/ColorConsoleLogger.cs" range="16-17":::

The logger is instantiated with the `name` and a `Func<ColorConsoleLoggerConfiguration>` which will return the current config &mdash; this handles updates to the config values as monitored through the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Options.IOptionsMonitor%601.OnChange%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> callback.

## Custom logger provider

> The `ILoggerProvider` object is responsible for creating logger instances. Maybe it is not needed to create a logger instance per category, but this makes sense for some loggers, like NLog or log4net. Doing this you are also able to choose different logging output targets per category if needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ILoggerProvider` object is responsible for creating logger instances. It's not necessary to create a logger instance per category, but it makes sense for some loggers, like NLog or log4net. This strategy allows you to choose different logging output targets per category, as in the following example:
```
